Weekly Meeting notes
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

First meeting:
Project: TopReview
Attendees: Kira, Tyler, Alex, Brandon
Date&Time: 4/8; 2:00-3:00 pm 

Agenda:
Main discussion topic: 
    getting ready for week one 
    Review of the wireframe, Case diagram.
    The functionality of the webpages.
    What we would like to work on

Notes:
    Key information so that we can review it later.
    What is meant by the edited reviews and sentiments in the use case diagram? 
    We need to revise the use case diagram. (We should see Gunhi by Wednesday if he doesn’t reply sooner.)
    Looking at the APIs for IMBD, Rotten Tomatoes 
    Amazon web services account 
        We need help accessing them
            https://www.rogerebert.com/
            https://rapidapi.com/Prastiwar/api/metacriticapi
            https://github.com/zkilleb/ebert-api

Outcomes:
    Key decisions!!
        Change the wireframe and the use case diagram.
        Tyler, Alex, Kira, and Sira will work on the front end.
    Actions:
        What will people be working on throughout the week?
        Kira and Sira change the wireframe.
        Gunhi change the Use case Diagram.
        Everyone make sure the Project Guideline is ready to submit
        Kira figure out the linking error in the project board. 
        Brandon ask TA/Instructor about APIs we can use. 
        Tyler, Alex, Kira, and Sira start on front-end design.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Second meeting:
Project: TopReview
Attendees: 
Date&Time: 4/15: 2:00-3:00 pm 

Agenda:
    Finalize plans of who is working on what
        Specifically back-end vs front-end + possible redistribution of some roles
    API calls check in 
    Front-end check in
        Mull over rubric and what we should have
        GOALS
    Commits and individual contribution
        Work starts now! 
        Make sure you’re working on what you need to work on
            If you have issues, please tell us!
                Utilize the group chat so that everyone knows what you’re working on/having trouble with!
            Checkin on Monday/Tuesday to see where everyone is
        Remember to single out a specific commit that you will be presenting
        Branching vs forking
    Gentle reminders:
        Only have two-three weeks for this project left
        If you can’t get something done, let us know
        Stricter deadlines 
        Everyone has to present their individual contributions, and we aren’t in a position to be able to present for others!
    Questions/comments/concerns?


Notes:
    

Outcomes:
    Key decisions:
        
    Actions:
        
